- Today I went to a Karsan in Rocket Lane in the in the Nguudi Global University Tech Park. So it was very fun. I like the, I like the, it was very super premium, you know. There's a workspace in Rocket Lane. Yeah, so I really like the ambience and the meetup was also very excellent. I met a lot of people. I was, I had a really good day. That's what I wanted to record. You know, just meeting people, they were invited at top one percentage of Karsan users in Chennai. They were invited for that event and I met, I made friends with a couple of people, Rajai and Bhadirajah. So there was fun and sharing with them. I also made a a bunch of flashcard like thing with my repo names on the back of each and I asked people to pull one from that card and then I spoke about the project and so on. It was fun, one I did for two people. I did and that was one and met, met, there was also a bunch of guys from SSN Engineering College. SSN Engineering College final year computer science students who built a prototype of some XR thing which was vibe coded on cursor and they demoted that. There were other couple of people speaking about their, their workflows and processes. It was fun. Krakatlin also had a, had a job opening for the white coders. Many not just identified for white coders. They have openings for job developers. Right. I asked if we could send our gift, we could have a repo and because we didn't have resumes and stuff, I said that would work fine as well. So that was fun discussing stuff then like that and I enjoyed the ride back home. I came through this perengudi suburb, suburb and it was like a very, very small town. We got a village kind of a an environment. Yeah. So I then, I then went to Lhasper influence market city, spent some time there at the CrossFit bookstore and before that somebody allowed me to park the car in front of their shop. I said I'll just be back in 10 minutes and then they're kind of to let me park the car there. I thanked them and thank them and they made my day a bit easier. They also, I think that this, reading the, making my heart expansive, right, having a broad-minded view of things also helped me today. That thing I picked from the Laws of Human Nature book, Robert Green. So that also helps me in a way. Overall it was fun. I wanted to share, put it down. Yeah.