https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xe96cbveSXo - Free keyword research method by [[Vlad Ivanov]]
- [x] Send invoice to [[Sparktrics Website Development Project]] 
- Kapil Ayudha pooja image
	- Add staff pics and notes
- [x] [[Gokulakrishnan D]] - get email info
- [[07, October, 2025 (Tuesday)]] is [[Rinta]]'s birthday. 
- kay, so I went to this [[RB Nexus]] meetup, just now, okay, I took the bus to [[Geetham Veg restaurant]] and opposite Airport. And then we had, it was a fun meeting, right, meaning, they were all, I think I thrive in meetings. Meaning, I didn't, my presentation was the worst one of all the, of everyone who were there. But I like the energy of talking with people, one to one, you know, I even met a girl called Amrita, who wasn't to gift wrapping, gifting, you know, very humble girl, right, she's from Kadelur. And she's a banking professional who's planning to do her own, start up and stuff like that. And it was the energy of the Zorn, the creator of RB Group. Arohid Baddia was also very infectious, he's very, very methodical, you know, he knows how to talk, how to get things done, you know, he's very, very inspiring. And the way he elaborates, why something has to be done a specific way, what are the advantages, why it won't work, if it's not followed, how to get the most sort of this group activity, how to, why to participate at least to once or twice a week without failing this group, how, you know, he has a way of explaining all this, you know, I think he has practiced this, spoke, told this over and over and over. I think that's what's helping people in this group. I love his work, meaning, yeah, so I just enjoyed going to his meeting on my way back. I also was speaking to somebody called Deepak, who was into loans. He offered to set up a meeting with his partner, who was a developer, software developer, and said that maybe I could pitch my marketing services to him, yeah, so that is one. And yeah, that was fun. I really love going to these meetups, meeting people, yeah, I've always, meaning all the meetups that I've gone to, I was very, I came back, reinvigorated.
- [[Paretoid Portfolio]]
- 